            Define Subnetworks Window 

Enables the creation of sub-groups within the network.  Limits can then be placed on how many of these sub-groups a node can make an exchange with.  Additionally, limits can be placed within a sub-group itself as to how many exchanges the node can make once it starts making agreements with nodes in that sub-group.

Main Area
---------
1. Information Window - Allows you to select whether or not the subnetwork information window will be visible to subjects during the experiment.  This option should normally be set to false as the information window itself needs work.

2. Main Node List - Shows all nodes in the network for the BE Network Action.

3. Max and Min Values - The "Max" value lists the maximum number of subnetworks that can be exchanged with.  The "Min" value lists the minimume number of subnetworks that must be exchanged with to keep all points earned.

4. Max and Min Exchange Fields - Allows you to change the Max and Min values.  Simply enter a number into the field and press the <Enter> key to update a value.
*NOTE: The Min value cannot be larger than the Max value and the Max value cannot be larger than the number of subnetworks.

5. Subnetworks List - Lists the subnetworks the selected node from the Main Node List is connected to.

6. Available Node List - Used when creating subnetworks. Shows nodes available to place in a subnetwork (for the first subnetwork, all nodes in the experiment are potentially available; for subnetworks within subnetworks, the only available nodes will be those included in the previous level.)

Buttons
-------
1. Regroup - Allows you to change the subnetworks for a selected node.  All the available nodes will appear in the ‘Available Nodes’ list.

2. Back - Used with ‘Expand’ to scroll up and down through levels of subnetworks.

3. Expand - Used with ‘Back’ to scroll up and down through levels of subnetworks.

3. Group - Once nodes have been selected (highlighted) in the 'Available Nodes' list, click ‘Group’ to designate them as a subnetwork.

4. OK - Once you have completed building subnetworks, click ‘OK’ to return to the Edit Network Action window.

5. Cancel - Returns to the Edit Network Action without saving the changes. 

6. Help - Brings up this help file.