         BE Network Period Window

A BE Network Action  can be divided up into multiple periods.  Each period can have a different number of rounds assigned to it as well as how long each round is allowed to run.  In addition, a user's position within the network can be changed between periods.

File Menu
---------
1. Done - Saves changes and returns you to the Edit BE Network Action window.

Help Menu
---------
1. Help - Calls up this help file.

Main Area
---------

Time and Rounds Area (Top Left)
-------------------------------
Time - The number of ticks each round will take can be set here.  Depending on the speed of your computer network a tick can take as little as a second to multiple seconds in actual time.

Rounds - Allows you to set how many rounds there will be in period you are editting.

Round Window Code - Allows you to customize what information is displayed to the subjects each round.
   -"Points" : Will display to the subject how many points they made last round.
   -"ID" : Will display to the subject which node in the network they are located.
   -"Total Points" : Will display to the subject how many points total they have earned in this network.
Each code word should be on its own line, the order of the words determines the order the information is displayed to the subjects.

User Location Area (Top Right)
-----------------------------
Main List - The area at the top tells you what user is in what node postion.

To change the position of the users:

    1. Highlight one of the users.

    2. Click on "Change Order".

    3. Then, click on the user you want to change places with.

    4. The positions will be changed automatically.

Switching Between Periods - Use the "<<" button to edit the previous period.  If you are at the first period (period 1) then nothing will happen.  Use the ">>" button to edit the next period.  If you are at the last period, then nothing will happen.


Buttons
-------
1. New - Creates a new period and cycles to it for editting.

2. Delete - Deletes the period presently being editted.  Delete will not work if there is only 1 period.